[Doc] Completed cover-to-cover read-through in ToC order. Lots of changes (#9360)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ysql/datatypes/type_datetime/date-time-data-types-semantics/type-interval/interval-limits.md

- The section [Modeling the internal representation and comparing the model with the actual implementation](../interval-representation/internal-representation-model/) shows that the algorithm for computing the _[mm, dd, ss]_ internal representation from the _[yy, mm, dd, hh, mi, ss]_ parameterization is so complex (and arbitrary) when real number values are provided for the first five of the six parameterization values that you are very unlikely to be able usefully to predict what final _interval_ value you'll get.

> - The section [_Interval_ arithmetic](../interval-arithmetic/) shows that the semantics of how each of the fields of the _mm, dd, ss]_ representation is used are so significantly different that it's best to arrange that the _interval_ values that you create and use have only one of the three internal field values non-zero. You can't ensure this if you allow real number values for any of the first five parameters. The section [Custom domain types for specialize the native _interval_ functionality](../custom-interval-domains/) shows how to enforce the recommended approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The section [_Interval_ arithmetic](../interval-arithmetic/) shows that the semantics of how each of the fields of the _mm, dd, ss]_ representation is used are significantly different. Ensure that the _interval_ values you create and use have only one of the three internal field values non-zero. Note that you can't ensure this if you allow real number values for any of the first five parameters. The section [Custom domain types for specialize the native _interval_ functionality](../custom-interval-domains/) shows how to enforce the recommended approach.
```
